hello everyone and welcome to today's sore Bond design discussion sore Bond design discussion um once again we're here and we're um once again we're here and we're talking about sorobon and uh sort of the talking about sorobon and uh sort of the key design decisions that we need in key design decisions that we need in order to that we need to make in order order to that we need to make in order to sort of get it across the Finish Line to sort of get it across the Finish Line um for those of you who are just joining um for those of you who are just joining us us um today we will be talking I'm just um today we will be talking I'm just going to grab a link going to grab a link as soon as I can find it if you look at as soon as I can find it if you look at the event invite you will see that there the event invite you will see that there is a link to a document called sorobon is a link to a document called sorobon auth Next and I am also just going to auth Next and I am also just going to paste it right now in the live chat so paste it right now in the live chat so today we're going to be talking about today we're going to be talking about this proposal which I'm posting in the this proposal which I'm posting in the live chat right now oh Tom already did live chat right now oh Tom already did it so um it so um this is a proposal for a new sorobon auth approach that provides protocol level support for that provides protocol level support for the account abstraction and an the account abstraction and an authorized subcontract calls authorized subcontract calls um and again there's a link to the um and again there's a link to the design decision document
design decision document um that is uh that I posted that Tomer um that is uh that I posted that Tomer posted in the live chat and so what posted in the live chat and so what we're going to do today is talk through we're going to do today is talk through this question this question um sort of talk through the document and um sort of talk through the document and the proposal that it makes and see where the proposal that it makes and see where the discussion leads us the goal of the discussion leads us the goal of these discussions is definitely to make these discussions is definitely to make substantive have substantive substantive have substantive um back and forth to actually ask and um back and forth to actually ask and answer important questions and to start answer important questions and to start to move forward with design decisions to move forward with design decisions and we do it here so that you can ask and we do it here so that you can ask questions either on the live chat if we questions either on the live chat if we have a chance we may also be bringing uh have a chance we may also be bringing uh people who raise their hand onto the people who raise their hand onto the stage but to begin with we will talk stage but to begin with we will talk through the actual design doc we'll talk through the actual design doc we'll talk about the decision that we're trying to about the decision that we're trying to make and we will talk about the uh make and we will talk about the uh um sort of like the the background the um sort of like the the background the problems that we're facing the problems that we're facing the requirements and a suggestion for a high requirements and a suggestion for a high level design level design um um and so now that it's a little bit after and so now that it's a little bit after the official start time I think we can the official start time I think we can go ahead and start go ahead and start um and I believe that today the
um and I believe that today the discussion this doc was created by Dima discussion this doc was created by Dima and so I'm going to demon to start and so I'm going to demon to start walking us through it walking us through it yeah uh hi everyone uh so yeah uh hi everyone uh so uh but maybe I'll start with a little uh but maybe I'll start with a little bit of background motivation this so bit of background motivation this so described in the dog but how quickly uh described in the dog but how quickly uh go through those so just to remind like go through those so just to remind like the current state of office in Sargon is the current state of office in Sargon is that we basically have to kind of that we basically have to kind of officially supported ways right uh to do officially supported ways right uh to do us in the contracts us in the contracts um the first one being the invoker which um the first one being the invoker which basically just gives you a handle of the basically just gives you a handle of the classic store account who involves the classic store account who involves the transaction and that's pretty limited transaction and that's pretty limited it's like basically it's like basically quite extra account can authorize only a quite extra account can authorize only a top level contract invocation and only top level contract invocation and only it it and there is something more generic
and there is something more generic which is implemented in turban OS SDK which is implemented in turban OS SDK and this is basically uh authentication and this is basically uh authentication and SDK that supports a couple type of and SDK that supports a couple type of signatures which are classic store signatures which are classic store accounts Ed 25519 accounts Ed 25519 and invoker as well to make things a and invoker as well to make things a little bit more generic and recently we little bit more generic and recently we ended up in this somewhat weird state of ended up in this somewhat weird state of to approaches that the initial to approaches that the initial philosophy was that we want things to be philosophy was that we want things to be like like um um basically implemented uh as much as basically implemented uh as much as possible on the contract side and possible on the contract side and the environment doesn't make pretty much the environment doesn't make pretty much any assumptions about the toes but then any assumptions about the toes but then um we kind of figured out that these um we kind of figured out that these things are not quite straightforward things are not quite straightforward especially if you want to do something especially if you want to do something simple which is why this working concept simple which is why this working concept I've been talking about has been brought I've been talking about has been brought up so
up so and of course there is always synthesis and of course there is always synthesis smart contracts there is always a way to smart contracts there is always a way to build uh whatever you want build uh whatever you want um so what are the problems uh with the um so what are the problems uh with the state here now state here now um the invoker while being a convenient um the invoker while being a convenient to use it's very limited as I've to use it's very limited as I've mentioned it's like very narrow uh only mentioned it's like very narrow uh only operation can have only a single invoker operation can have only a single invoker right and it's also shell right and it's also shell um in a sense that only a single um in a sense that only a single contract call may be authorized and it's contract call may be authorized and it's also restricted to basically classic also restricted to basically classic accounts of course it also works with accounts of course it also works with the contract navigations but the contract navigations but um because they got today's discussion um because they got today's discussion I'd say I'd say um nothing would change much for the um nothing would change much for the Contracting workers so basically if Contracting workers so basically if contract wants to outrage some synonyms contract wants to outrage some synonyms at the help of contract uh itself like at the help of contract uh itself like no additional signatures are needed so no additional signatures are needed so um it is kind of not uh in the scope of um it is kind of not uh in the scope of the discussion at all so we are talking
the discussion at all so we are talking about only uh humans or wallets uh about only uh humans or wallets uh calling into a servant here right calling into a servant here right um so for soroban us uh well as we um so for soroban us uh well as we mentioned it's a pretty complicated mentioned it's a pretty complicated because the contract needs to manage because the contract needs to manage nonsense it needs to go into nonsense it needs to go into authentication methods provides the authentication methods provides the right arguments those upload correctly right arguments those upload correctly um um while being pretty complex it's still while being pretty complex it's still limiting flexibility because we support limiting flexibility because we support only a few kind of Cherry Picked only a few kind of Cherry Picked signature schemes right signature schemes right um and if you start doing things with um and if you start doing things with Advanced for Banos like forwarding the Advanced for Banos like forwarding the signatures for subcontract holes Things signatures for subcontract holes Things become pretty tricky in terms of like become pretty tricky in terms of like actually signing the payloads that need actually signing the payloads that need to be signed because you need several to be signed because you need several signatures and they need to have some signatures and they need to have some very particular arguments and I I very particular arguments and I I believe I have seen some examples in
believe I have seen some examples in servanton that or dealing with that but servanton that or dealing with that but I I feel like still like this hasn't I I feel like still like this hasn't been expert to mentioned probably been expert to mentioned probably because it's pretty tricky to do and uh because it's pretty tricky to do and uh yeah I also don't think we have great yeah I also don't think we have great science support anyway as of now so it's science support anyway as of now so it's something you will be working on something you will be working on separately separately and of course if you are doing something and of course if you are doing something completely custom the risky risk running completely custom the risky risk running into it's a compatibility like into it's a compatibility like um some contracts use one authentication um some contracts use one authentication or authorization methods Azure or authorization methods Azure contractors something else they uh like contractors something else they uh like not being profitable or the sdks need to not being profitable or the sdks need to account for multiple different Azure account for multiple different Azure sdks they need to interoperate with so sdks they need to interoperate with so basically Things become pretty uh basically Things become pretty uh complex if you want to kind of benefit complex if you want to kind of benefit from something else existing on the from something else existing on the network um so yeah this is basically a review of the current approach problems and uh
the current approach problems and uh I've been thinking like if it can come I've been thinking like if it can come up with uh something better uh in up with uh something better uh in multiple ways and this phase are multiple ways and this phase are described in the doc too and uh if you described in the doc too and uh if you really want to try for is uh the really want to try for is uh the approach should be a general rights that approach should be a general rights that uh most or all contracts should be able uh most or all contracts should be able to use their spring work and basically to use their spring work and basically interoperate is a chatter without much interoperate is a chatter without much friction friction um but on the other hand it should be um but on the other hand it should be extensible so that we are not limited to extensible so that we are not limited to a few for example signature schemes or a a few for example signature schemes or a few wallets and whatnot so there few wallets and whatnot so there shouldn't be a way to shouldn't be a way to extend uh the system outside of the extend uh the system outside of the protocol right protocol right um it should also provide support for um it should also provide support for various use cases including the complex various use cases including the complex use cases but at the same time it should use cases but at the same time it should be a straightforward as straightforward
be a straightforward as straightforward to use as possible given the complexity to use as possible given the complexity of the contract of the contract and from the lowest endpoint it should and from the lowest endpoint it should be usable too because as I mentioned be usable too because as I mentioned like currently uh coming up with like currently uh coming up with signatures for more complex contract signatures for more complex contract invocations it's uh pretty tricky so invocations it's uh pretty tricky so um what would kind of should be able to um what would kind of should be able to uh write the signing code to basically uh write the signing code to basically sign the payloads without much sign the payloads without much prediction as well and something that prediction as well and something that hasn't even been discussed before but hasn't even been discussed before but it's something uh pretty interesting it's something uh pretty interesting that that um there like we want to provide the um there like we want to provide the both controls and so outside and yeah both controls and so outside and yeah this kind of already goes into account this kind of already goes into account abstraction topic but basically the idea abstraction topic but basically the idea is that if you stop for a moment and is that if you stop for a moment and think about uh Us in general like in think about uh Us in general like in erc20 world for example right you have
erc20 world for example right you have this for example token contract so this for example token contract so liquidity pool contract that does liquidity pool contract that does something to the funds but it holds also something to the funds but it holds also does some other things that I could does some other things that I could verifies signatures and the signatures verifies signatures and the signatures use very specific algorithms and you use very specific algorithms and you start thinking about it it kind of start thinking about it it kind of doesn't make too much sense right your doesn't make too much sense right your liquidity pool function is about liquidity pool function is about exchanging to tokens for example a token exchanging to tokens for example a token function is to keep balances uh right function is to keep balances uh right and uh and uh doesn't necessarily like come natural doesn't necessarily like come natural that that they should handle the business logic of they should handle the business logic of authenticating users at all visuals authenticating users at all visuals versus account abstraction that comes versus account abstraction that comes from and it really opens up a lot of from and it really opens up a lot of various interesting use cases and various interesting use cases and basically enables basically enables the whole type of the contracts the the whole type of the contracts the smartphone contracts that can do really smartphone contracts that can do really interesting things like uh providing
interesting things like uh providing arbitrarily complex multi signatures arbitrarily complex multi signatures schemes or align users to control Hauser schemes or align users to control Hauser plans are spent plans are spent based on who signs the transactions or based on who signs the transactions or given temporary permissions to some given temporary permissions to some contracts and the possibilities are contracts and the possibilities are basically endless basically endless [Music] [Music] um um so yeah this was it on the requirements so yeah this was it on the requirements topic and this kind of uh only started topic and this kind of uh only started to come into the actual proposal and to come into the actual proposal and basically on the hair level it consists basically on the hair level it consists just of the two parts uh one part I've just of the two parts uh one part I've already started talking about it's already started talking about it's account abstraction so instead of account abstraction so instead of um letting every user contract to care um letting every user contract to care about how they authenticate their about how they authenticate their signatures or how they manage nonsense signatures or how they manage nonsense and so on and so on um instead you would every contract
um instead you would every contract would use something abstracted away just would use something abstracted away just some generic account that knows and so some generic account that knows and so on how to authenticate actions on its on how to authenticate actions on its behalf and uh behalf and uh this addresses the triology and this addresses the triology and extensibility requirements as well as extensibility requirements as well as forward usability and control forward usability and control and the second part is basically and the second part is basically standardized invocation authorization standardized invocation authorization that would allow to sign things that are that would allow to sign things that are on one hand more complex than just going on one hand more complex than just going into a single contract but on the other into a single contract but on the other hand hand it will be structured enough so that the it will be structured enough so that the bullets bullets I don't need to do anything too special I don't need to do anything too special but like like the uh non-smartboard just but like like the uh non-smartboard just regular walls uh we'll be able to do regular walls uh we'll be able to do uh the signatures relatively easily
uh the signatures relatively easily okay uh and let's go in turn a little bit more details on both a little bit more details on both approaches and um I'll probably stop approaches and um I'll probably stop serve for some maybe questions and serve for some maybe questions and discussion on the general approach so discussion on the general approach so um core current abstraction what's um core current abstraction what's important to understand from the important to understand from the contractors standpoint is that contractors standpoint is that um instead of like um instead of like passing signatures into a medical passing signatures into a medical calling into this and invoker we do now calling into this and invoker we do now which is like an educator in a cage which is like an educator in a cage um um all the contract interfaces would all the contract interfaces would operate on two types one Echo account operate on two types one Echo account and that's very cool address so the and that's very cool address so the relationship is that every account has relationship is that every account has an address address is something that you an address address is something that you can key your data by so you can key your can key your data by so you can key your balance by the address or you can make a balance by the address or you can make a payment to an address and whatnot so
payment to an address and whatnot so that's basically the unified address for that's basically the unified address for any sort of operations that are any sort of operations that are beneficial to the address right and the beneficial to the address right and the account itself is the owner of the account itself is the owner of the address and address and it it is the entities that can authorize it it is the entities that can authorize basically spending on behalf of this basically spending on behalf of this address right so account needs to sign address right so account needs to sign its operations and its operations and actions that require like some mutations actions that require like some mutations to the uh address that are not positive to the uh address that are not positive for example making a payment right need for example making a payment right need to be authorized by the account so to be authorized by the account so this is basically what the contracts this is basically what the contracts would do this would do this and accounts may be implemented uh both and accounts may be implemented uh both uh in a built-in fashion for example uh in a built-in fashion for example classic store accounts would get an classic store accounts would get an automatic implementation of this account automatic implementation of this account contract so from the classic
contract so from the classic server constant Point uh nothing will server constant Point uh nothing will change significantly and the invoker change significantly and the invoker would still be there for the sake of would still be there for the sake of optimization right so if you have a optimization right so if you have a simple contract you you can forward the simple contract you you can forward the classic transaction classic transaction um Source account uh to be uh the signer um Source account uh to be uh the signer of this uh Contracting location to and of this uh Contracting location to and again this is completely transparent again this is completely transparent from the contraction point and like it from the contraction point and like it is now where you explicitly need to is now where you explicitly need to refer to to the invoker um but also the part I've been talking about before the account can also be about before the account can also be implemented by uh Mark contract custom implemented by uh Mark contract custom Smart contract and uh here like things Smart contract and uh here like things like uh new signature schemes like any like uh new signature schemes like any cryptographic methods uh and basically cryptographic methods uh and basically anything can come anything can come um so um so it's the responsibility of the account it's the responsibility of the account to authenticate and authorize
to authenticate and authorize um the Contracting locations that's the um the Contracting locations that's the key part about it key part about it and on the second part and on the second part um for standardizing the invocation um for standardizing the invocation authorization so instead of like uh authorization so instead of like uh having some signature payloads that are having some signature payloads that are not necessarily standardized we would not necessarily standardized we would have a structured signature payload that have a structured signature payload that contains one or multiple Contracting contains one or multiple Contracting vacations vacations and the casing here is that this payload and the casing here is that this payload needs to be assigned just once and it needs to be assigned just once and it would contain all the would contain all the contract calls the user wants to outrage contract calls the user wants to outrage so for example the frequent use case so for example the frequent use case when you know you need to transfer some when you know you need to transfer some funds to the contract address and then funds to the contract address and then contract does something good for you contract does something good for you right for example create a claimable right for example create a claimable balance for like just draw some amount balance for like just draw some amount from me and put it on contract balance from me and put it on contract balance to the Future withdrawal or swap some
to the Future withdrawal or swap some token with liquidity for basically it's token with liquidity for basically it's like huge category of use cases for this like huge category of use cases for this exact same pattern right and exact same pattern right and when in ERC 20 world like some things when in ERC 20 world like some things like approval permit would need to like approval permit would need to happen with this approach it is possible happen with this approach it is possible for the user to send a payload that says for the user to send a payload that says hey call into function for example Swap hey call into function for example Swap and then allow the function swap to this and then allow the function swap to this draw this amount of token from my draw this amount of token from my account and since things are structured account and since things are structured it's possible for example for the user it's possible for example for the user board program to say Hey you are about board program to say Hey you are about to sign something that will withdraw to sign something that will withdraw this and that token in this in that this and that token in this in that amount so basically amount so basically it is set things to the structure it is it is set things to the structure it is kind of both transparent to the user and kind of both transparent to the user and it is possible for the host to actually it is possible for the host to actually verify that the user is only calling verify that the user is only calling into methods that have been explicitly
into methods that have been explicitly signed date and I'll try it signed date and I'll try it um and yeah important note that came up um and yeah important note that came up during this document review is that uh during this document review is that uh the signature pillow doesn't like have the signature pillow doesn't like have to contain all the contract calls and it to contain all the contract calls and it doesn't even need to be like doesn't even need to be like um covers and full passing the code um covers and full passing the code three of the contract it's just uh part three of the contract it's just uh part of the parts that has to be authorized of the parts that has to be authorized on behalf of the user so for example the on behalf of the user so for example the slope example if the user swaps some slope example if the user swaps some token with the contract token with the contract um this contract may be a code as a part um this contract may be a code as a part of arbitrary as a contract for example of arbitrary as a contract for example you know you are signing that you want you know you are signing that you want just to swap some amount of token uh for just to swap some amount of token uh for some amount of other token and then this some amount of other token and then this can be invoked for example as a part of can be invoked for example as a part of some more complex text construct and the some more complex text construct and the laser doesn't even need to know about laser doesn't even need to know about this contract so what was the this contract so what was the authorizing is a that something has to authorizing is a that something has to be solved and then
be solved and then um some Upstream systems can decide how um some Upstream systems can decide how exactly this happens exactly this happens um so I think this is pretty much it on um so I think this is pretty much it on the high level the high level um um before we go to the details I'd like to before we go to the details I'd like to stop here and uh stop here and uh ask if there are any questions or maybe ask if there are any questions or maybe some things need to be clarified some things need to be clarified yeah uh this is awesome thank you Dima I'm just uh for everyone who just uh for everyone who um who joined uh just now I just want to um who joined uh just now I just want to mention that this is uh this meeting mention that this is uh this meeting today is not about necessarily making today is not about necessarily making decisions it's just about having Dima decisions it's just about having Dima present this uh like off to or off next present this uh like off to or off next approach and uh approach and uh um you know ask questions and uh to um you know ask questions and uh to figure out figure out uh the details here uh this is a really uh the details here uh this is a really interesting uh proposal Dima uh I think interesting uh proposal Dima uh I think that one question I have around that one question I have around account abstraction is one thing that account abstraction is one thing that we're seeing in other ecosystems is that we're seeing in other ecosystems is that account abstraction is also mentioned in
account abstraction is also mentioned in the context of being the context of being um allowing for like different accounts um allowing for like different accounts to be the origin of the transaction to be the origin of the transaction and I wonder if this proposal and I wonder if this proposal um also pays the paves the way for uh um also pays the paves the way for uh kind of like a non-regular stellar kind of like a non-regular stellar account to be the origin of uh a account to be the origin of uh a transaction uh to have in like a native transaction uh to have in like a native balance in xlm which is something that balance in xlm which is something that isn't mentioned here isn't mentioned here um or uh is this not a consideration at um or uh is this not a consideration at all um so I didn't think about this much in terms of because this is more about us terms of because this is more about us but but you know you know I think it kind of comes back to the I think it kind of comes back to the discussion we had about uh price twins discussion we had about uh price twins for example like visor uh contracts for example like visor uh contracts should have tried to end so whether should have tried to end so whether contracts should have excellent balances contracts should have excellent balances I don't think that I don't think that it necessarily well I think it kind of
it necessarily well I think it kind of makes things uh easier in a sense that makes things uh easier in a sense that you know since every single operates on you know since every single operates on accounts now it is kind of more natural accounts now it is kind of more natural for for the account to also have for for the account to also have excellent balance uh they mean it will excellent balance uh they mean it will have like some balance in effect so have like some balance in effect so but but I guess this question is more uh but but I guess this question is more uh up to up to the design of the you know interactions the design of the you know interactions with xlma I'm not sure with xlma I'm not sure we have some different decisions that it we have some different decisions that it basically once referred like uh it might basically once referred like uh it might make things simpler but maybe not make things simpler but maybe not because uh the main problem is uh because uh the main problem is uh withdraw in any xlm from a contractors withdraw in any xlm from a contractors that that we wouldn't want to run a VM for that so we wouldn't want to run a VM for that so I think that the question that needs to I think that the question that needs to be resolved before we can go into this be resolved before we can go into this topic
topic um yeah I guess my question is should um yeah I guess my question is should the xlm balance be part of the account the xlm balance be part of the account obstruct should the native balance be obstruct should the native balance be part of the account abstraction or part of the account abstraction or potentially facilitate this in the potentially facilitate this in the future right so so basically I mean future right so so basically I mean nothing prevents an account contract to nothing prevents an account contract to have an excellent balance right the have an excellent balance right the tricky part is how exactly do we tricky part is how exactly do we withdraw this Excel and from the balance withdraw this Excel and from the balance without invoking a VM and figuring out without invoking a VM and figuring out that this account has actually not that this account has actually not traced this so that's the tricky Parton traced this so that's the tricky Parton I'm not sure about it so I mean interior I'm not sure about it so I mean interior like there is a very easy way with like there is a very easy way with account abstraction to do that the only account abstraction to do that the only issue is that that would require to issue is that that would require to actually call into account contract actually call into account contract which is a problem because we need to do which is a problem because we need to do this before applying anything that's a this before applying anything that's a little concern so yeah maybe I can add a little concern so yeah maybe I can add a little bit to this like the the kind of little bit to this like the the kind of the type of of uh challenges in the uh the type of of uh challenges in the uh account abstraction in other blockchains
account abstraction in other blockchains they come from they come from from the like when you try to use the from the like when you try to use the the contract to pay for its own fees the contract to pay for its own fees right I can basically like um you you um right I can basically like um you you um you have like sequence numbers like you have like sequence numbers like nonsense basically and fees being nonsense basically and fees being um paid back the contract um paid back the contract and as you as soon as you start to get and as you as soon as you start to get into that game uh you need to into that game uh you need to basically execute the contract uh when basically execute the contract uh when you're flooding the transaction so you're flooding the transaction so before it gets processed by the network before it gets processed by the network and then you get into those like uh yeah and then you get into those like uh yeah like like big challenges around okay how much big challenges around okay how much like what's the maximum gas or whatever like what's the maximum gas or whatever right that I want to allow a contract to right that I want to allow a contract to to use to use um outside of applying uh applying um outside of applying uh applying transactions transactions and of course this gets quite and of course this gets quite complicated maybe like to go back to complicated maybe like to go back to like to what Thomas was asking like like to what Thomas was asking like would that be the type of thing we can would that be the type of thing we can add in the future I mean I don't I think
add in the future I mean I don't I think the current proposal doesn't doesn't the current proposal doesn't doesn't stop us from doing that if we find ways stop us from doing that if we find ways to make this efficient to make this efficient um um like uh maybe like some of the things we like uh maybe like some of the things we could and this is related to the other could and this is related to the other conversation we are having um on the uh token contract uh like should on the uh token contract uh like should the Lumen balance for example the Lumen balance for example uh attached to a contract uh attached to a contract uh be something that is kind of first uh be something that is kind of first class class um so that we can efficiently like uh um so that we can efficiently like uh even decide if uh like if if a contract even decide if uh like if if a contract has even enough balance to pay I mean has even enough balance to pay I mean this is one of the problems it's not the this is one of the problems it's not the only problem but you know it's one of only problem but you know it's one of those things that maybe we could do those things that maybe we could do early on early on anyways anyways um but yeah that's kind of where we are I'm curious so there are two parts there
I'm curious so there are two parts there are too many major parts or main parts are too many major parts or main parts to this proposal the first one is the to this proposal the first one is the account abstraction the otherwise the account abstraction the otherwise the other is a standardized invocation other is a standardized invocation authorization uh if we focus on account authorization uh if we focus on account abstraction for a second uh putting abstraction for a second uh putting aside some of the details that we just aside some of the details that we just mentioned is is anyone mentioned is is anyone uh does anyone object account uh uh does anyone object account uh abstraction it sounds like it's pretty abstraction it sounds like it's pretty um um I think it's a win-win situation like I think it's a win-win situation like we're looking at other ecosystems and we're looking at other ecosystems and you can see that you know the ethereum you can see that you know the ethereum ecosystem is working very hard to ecosystem is working very hard to retrofit account abstraction and retrofit account abstraction and um uh you know regretting not adding um uh you know regretting not adding this in the beginning and and we're this in the beginning and and we're seeing a lot of seeing a lot of um like challenges that come from not um like challenges that come from not starting off with account abstraction so starting off with account abstraction so uh it almost sounds like a no-brainer to uh it almost sounds like a no-brainer to me is there anyone that opposes a me is there anyone that opposes a account abstraction
uh Dima from your perspective are there any downsides to adding account any downsides to adding account abstraction yeah so abstraction yeah so um it's a account obstruction in um it's a account obstruction in building fashion is definitely like a building fashion is definitely like a win-win in a sense that uh win-win in a sense that uh you know like if you're joking about you know like if you're joking about things that are supported by Fosters things that are supported by Fosters almost no performance cost and the almost no performance cost and the contract interfaces become really contract interfaces become really convenient in terms of the custom convenient in terms of the custom abstract accounts abstract accounts um I mean it's definitely a win from the um I mean it's definitely a win from the functionality standpoint the downside is functionality standpoint the downside is that uh you know using them would that uh you know using them would require more gas obviously because you require more gas obviously because you need to run mobile and you need some need to run mobile and you need some additional additional um they are invocations but um they are invocations but I mean I feel like this is a fair price I mean I feel like this is a fair price because it allows to achieve some because it allows to achieve some functionality that is not the chewable
functionality that is not the chewable otherwise otherwise um but um but um um yeah basically the main cause to it is yeah basically the main cause to it is the performance cost and we need to be the performance cost and we need to be at work with and at work with and you know it's you know it's some party wants to you know pay for the some party wants to you know pay for the contract notifications and they may have contract notifications and they may have the same trouble with absolutely it's a the same trouble with absolutely it's a custom account project but yeah not sure custom account project but yeah not sure is it's a big enough deal basically is it's a big enough deal basically um I think um I think in gree Lake account abstraction could in gree Lake account abstraction could be implemented in some way even if they be implemented in some way even if they didn't do anything on the cost site and didn't do anything on the cost site and so it would be even slower and worse so so it would be even slower and worse so you know I don't think this downside is you know I don't think this downside is being cool enough to kind of state it it being cool enough to kind of state it it shouldn't go for account extraction awesome okay um so I think uh we can move to the um so I think uh we can move to the standardized invocation authorization standardized invocation authorization yes people don't want to keep talking
yes people don't want to keep talking about account obstruction about account obstruction can I ask you just a quick question can I ask you just a quick question timer timer go for it yeah um so does this does this go for it yeah um so does this does this mean that we are mean that we are um if it sees white adoption for just um if it sees white adoption for just regular accounts or maybe this is the regular accounts or maybe this is the most basic question which is does this most basic question which is does this impact regular accounts can I take my impact regular accounts can I take my stellar classic account and stellar classic account and um put signing Authority on into a um put signing Authority on into a contract and if so does that contract and if so does that um sort of blur the line I mean we have um sort of blur the line I mean we have this sort of clean separation between this sort of clean separation between classic and sore Bond classic and sore Bond um and so are we you know sort of uh um and so are we you know sort of uh opening up the the sort of bleed over opening up the the sort of bleed over between those two systems between those two systems um wider and and consuming you know um wider and and consuming you know forcing more sort uh seller transactions forcing more sort uh seller transactions to use store Bond resources to use store Bond resources um in a constrained resource environment um in a constrained resource environment is that a downside I guess is that a downside I guess oh oh what Miss herpes actually this is not
what Miss herpes actually this is not right like I don't think anything right like I don't think anything changes functionally much for the changes functionally much for the classic account uh compared to the classic account uh compared to the current world because currently we current world because currently we already as I said provide this invoker already as I said provide this invoker method that uh calls them to Classic method that uh calls them to Classic Source account right and we also allow Source account right and we also allow um like we have SDK for the promoted in um like we have SDK for the promoted in the transaction for the inbox the transaction for the inbox uh Paul tries in the contract invocation uh Paul tries in the contract invocation on behalf of the classic accounts that on behalf of the classic accounts that have been pre-signed so you can pre-sign have been pre-signed so you can pre-sign something using your classic store something using your classic store account with threshold account with threshold and uh server they did so nothing and uh server they did so nothing changes in that sense and uh from the changes in that sense and uh from the contrasting point what actually changes contrasting point what actually changes that contracts themselves don't need to that contracts themselves don't need to know about that classic account know about that classic account existence which I think is uh pretty existence which I think is uh pretty good thing because uh like the as I said good thing because uh like the as I said like there is really no good reason
like there is really no good reason because I can't to worry about like how because I can't to worry about like how exactly something has been out right so exactly something has been out right so um I don't feel like there's any um I don't feel like there's any functional difference but seriously the functional difference but seriously the positive effect of contracts being more positive effect of contracts being more generic without like uh specifically generic without like uh specifically according to the classic accounts according to the classic accounts um um yeah I I would add to that that like my yeah I I would add to that that like my mental model of this is similar to what mental model of this is similar to what we're doing with a stellar asset we're doing with a stellar asset contract contract um on suraman basically all the um on suraman basically all the interrupt with Stellar classic and all interrupt with Stellar classic and all the you know idiosyncrasies that come the you know idiosyncrasies that come along with that they are in this along with that they are in this built-in contract which uh applies both built-in contract which uh applies both to the Token contract for the asset to the Token contract for the asset contract it also applies for Stellar contract it also applies for Stellar accounts now that we have proper accounts now that we have proper abstraction all the finagling with abstraction all the finagling with Stellar accounts happens within this Stellar accounts happens within this built-in contract to some extent it's built-in contract to some extent it's actually a lot cleaner because it
actually a lot cleaner because it doesn't doesn't um it doesn't pollute like the you know um it doesn't pollute like the you know post functions like they don't need to post functions like they don't need to know too much about about Stellar know too much about about Stellar accounts because all of that uh is kind accounts because all of that uh is kind of like abstracted away and is mostly of like abstracted away and is mostly present within this built-in contract present within this built-in contract would that be accurate them up would that be accurate them up yeah exactly Nick does that answer your question yeah that's that's helpful thanks yeah that's that's helpful thanks cool so um if there are no other questions on um if there are no other questions on the account obstruction we can move on the account obstruction we can move on to the standardized uh invocation to the standardized uh invocation authorization authorization this is definitely this is definitely um you know the more I think a fairly um you know the more I think a fairly novel approach and I'm curious Dima what novel approach and I'm curious Dima what the potential downsides the potential downsides that you see here are like one thing that you see here are like one thing that I will say is that like one thing
that I will say is that like one thing that immediately gives me pauses is are that immediately gives me pauses is are we putting too much we putting too much uh on like the pre-flight process uh on like the pre-flight process um you know I think um you know I think when we were talking about pre-flight when we were talking about pre-flight just for in the context of of getting just for in the context of of getting the The Ledger entries that you're gonna the The Ledger entries that you're gonna touch uh that's something that's uh touch uh that's something that's uh relatively uh easy to uh you know to relatively uh easy to uh you know to predict so for example if you're going predict so for example if you're going to do a token transfer maybe you don't to do a token transfer maybe you don't actually have to to call PreFlight you actually have to to call PreFlight you can skip that because you know what's can skip that because you know what's what's going to happen there uh in terms what's going to happen there uh in terms of the the the signature payload of the the the signature payload suddenly a signature payload appears to suddenly a signature payload appears to become like non-trivial at all so are we become like non-trivial at all so are we building too much dependency on building too much dependency on pre-flight here pre-flight here well I would say uh well I would say uh I would put this like okay let's talk I would put this like okay let's talk about separate part because I don't about separate part because I don't think think about it before so what tomorrow refers about it before so what tomorrow refers to is basically to is basically the way uh I propose to enable this
the way uh I propose to enable this approach for the user can sign like approach for the user can sign like complex payload with multiple contract complex payload with multiple contract invocation uh the main enabler for that invocation uh the main enabler for that is uh PreFlight uh that would basically is uh PreFlight uh that would basically run the Contracting vacation in like run the Contracting vacation in like authorization trades and mode and uh authorization trades and mode and uh return the signature payloads that need return the signature payloads that need to be signed by the votes to be signed by the votes and and I would argue that I would argue that this is basically the satellite kind of this is basically the satellite kind of an enabler of the approach because an enabler of the approach because without that the only thing that we have without that the only thing that we have left if we want to do something more left if we want to do something more complex than one invocation one complex than one invocation one signature project invocation would signature project invocation would require require custom payload building custom payload building that is also contract dependently so that is also contract dependently so basically basically the proposal itself is about the proposal itself is about standardizing the payload format
standardizing the payload format which in the first place say wait which in the first place say wait probably shouldn't be like really probably shouldn't be like really controversial because uh like the controversial because uh like the benefit of having custom rewards is kind benefit of having custom rewards is kind of questionable right but you know if of questionable right but you know if you wanted your pillow to be complex you wanted your pillow to be complex like what is a good way of building it like what is a good way of building it and pretty quiet it's one of the answers and pretty quiet it's one of the answers to that but for the simple cases you to that but for the simple cases you know as you have mentioned like well know as you have mentioned like well what if we transfer token the same can what if we transfer token the same can be said about the signature preload like be said about the signature preload like if you are in the same world where you if you are in the same world where you just you know want to have a single just you know want to have a single account that uh signs for a single account that uh signs for a single um contract code that doesn't go into um contract code that doesn't go into any sub subcontracts on behalf of that any sub subcontracts on behalf of that account then the signature pilot is uh account then the signature pilot is uh very simple and it's not trivial and very simple and it's not trivial and again the benefit of having its again the benefit of having its standardized and structured is that you standardized and structured is that you know you can write a libraries that
know you can write a libraries that would build simple payloads for you would build simple payloads for you um and that would work again for every um and that would work again for every contract it is you can say contract it is you can say framework creates a kind of search and framework creates a kind of search and stuff which we hope to be almost any stuff which we hope to be almost any contract contract so so I'd say like I'd say like there is definitely some downside like there is definitely some downside like in that in case of a really complex in that in case of a really complex invocations on behalf of the user the invocations on behalf of the user the pre-pride needs to be used twice and it pre-pride needs to be used twice and it may be a little bit annoying but you may be a little bit annoying but you know the issue is that alternative to know the issue is that alternative to that would be World War that would be World War um everything needs to be built manually um everything needs to be built manually like like prefighters basically is the like like prefighters basically is the best thing we can probably provide out best thing we can probably provide out with that uh or you know uh just go with with that uh or you know uh just go with [Music] [Music] the approach of the approach of erc28 approach right therapy just always
erc28 approach right therapy just always saying the single call and then did do a saying the single call and then did do a lot of uh State manipulation to actually lot of uh State manipulation to actually make things work but I'm not sure that's make things work but I'm not sure that's necessarily a good thing because it necessarily a good thing because it comes with its own set of problems that comes with its own set of problems that again arguably should not be stopped on again arguably should not be stopped on this level like we put some things into this level like we put some things into token interface but what if I want to token interface but what if I want to write then a POI can include my grade write then a POI can include my grade all this all this um um set of different methods that actually set of different methods that actually work around the limitations of like the work around the limitations of like the signatures signatures um and so on and so forth so basically um and so on and so forth so basically um the prepaid here is um the prepaid here is something that actually helps us a lot I something that actually helps us a lot I think and yes think and yes like made this Rich downside and maybe like made this Rich downside and maybe increasing a lot and it or it is rare increasing a lot and it or it is rare cases where it cannot be used but you cases where it cannot be used but you know you can always build manually know you can always build manually especially when you like control will
especially when you like control will control exactly also contracts in your control exactly also contracts in your Coast Tech and you know exactly what Coast Tech and you know exactly what needs to be signed so needs to be signed so um um I don't feel like it's big enough I don't feel like it's big enough downside and also I wanted to mention downside and also I wanted to mention that um that um like the approach here is a bit rough like the approach here is a bit rough around the edges so it's around some around the edges so it's around some other other things that may be different in terms of things that may be different in terms of implementation implementation um for example like maybe they could some logic a bit more but basically um yeah I don't want to go into details um yeah I don't want to go into details maybe just yet but maybe just yet but the point is like maybe we can make the point is like maybe we can make things a little bit immature and they things a little bit immature and they are described now but uh yeah I I'd say are described now but uh yeah I I'd say creep white is like I I wouldn't look at creep white is like I I wouldn't look at prepare the downside it's actually quite prepare the downside it's actually quite an upside because also Alternatives an upside because also Alternatives um we've looked at well discussing like
um we've looked at well discussing like what we how can we simplify building the what we how can we simplify building the payroll say would be kind of um for example an alternative uh we have discussed with John a while ago also discussed with John a while ago also aquatic contract could provide the aquatic contract could provide the methods that says how exactly to build a methods that says how exactly to build a payload for every call of the contract payload for every call of the contract matter but you know this is uh matter but you know this is uh a lot of work to be done by the contract a lot of work to be done by the contract developers and again it needs to happen developers and again it needs to happen for every contract well here we kind of for every contract well here we kind of come up with a generic mechanism and you come up with a generic mechanism and you know the contract writers don't need to know the contract writers don't need to worry about about the better homes they worry about about the better homes they can just write pretty complex contracts can just write pretty complex contracts without worrying about without worrying about users not being able to ever build users not being able to ever build signature for one and you know it signature for one and you know it doesn't need to be part of the interface doesn't need to be part of the interface or anything it's like very or anything it's like very um naturally healed so that's my sense um naturally healed so that's my sense on it I you know someone has more
on it I you know someone has more concerns about that yeah maybe the thing that uh yeah when you mentioned like the the whole like you mentioned like the the whole like having to do this work uh for like having to do this work uh for like contract developers having to do this contract developers having to do this kind of work for every single new kind of work for every single new interface type is kind of a is super interface type is kind of a is super important like uh I think yeah what important like uh I think yeah what we're talking about here is if you look we're talking about here is if you look at like uh erc20 like uh you have for at like uh erc20 like uh you have for example the um what's the Ikea 2612 example the um what's the Ikea 2612 that's the permit that's the permit um extension um extension um that's for your C20 so like if you um that's for your C20 so like if you have uh like if you think of like nfts have uh like if you think of like nfts right they they don't use this it's a right they they don't use this it's a new method and then you have to new method and then you have to basically support this both at the basically support this both at the contract level like as a caller to that contract level like as a caller to that contract you have to support this new uh contract you have to support this new uh this kind of uh this kind of uh uh way of wrapping and signing things uh way of wrapping and signing things right and you also have to of course do right and you also have to of course do that in the wallet in the sdks and so on that in the wallet in the sdks and so on so the complexity is is increases very
so the complexity is is increases very quickly when you when you don't have any quickly when you when you don't have any standouts so I think the standouts so I think the the um the um uh being able to use uh PreFlight that uh being able to use uh PreFlight that we that we have there available to us uh we that we have there available to us uh in this context is actually going to in this context is actually going to reduce friction around the adoption of reduce friction around the adoption of like those kind of a encryption schemes like those kind of a encryption schemes at the right place uh in the in the at the right place uh in the in the different uh contracts in a way that I different uh contracts in a way that I think is maybe like a unprecedented in think is maybe like a unprecedented in the ecosystem oh yeah that's a good point and obviously if if the ecosystem wants to adopt like if if the ecosystem wants to adopt like in the ap2612 style uh you know permit in the ap2612 style uh you know permit based authorization they can do that but based authorization they can do that but you know we hope that uh you know we you know we hope that uh you know we want to make something that's batteries want to make something that's batteries included included um one other question that I have just um one other question that I have just like looking at the doc right now is you like looking at the doc right now is you know it looks like we're signing know it looks like we're signing all the function calls including the all the function calls including the arguments it are there situations in
arguments it are there situations in which the the arguments change slightly which the the arguments change slightly between between invocations in a way that invalidates invocations in a way that invalidates the the our signatures FEMA the the our signatures FEMA yeah so yeah the the testing discussed yeah so yeah the the testing discussed on the doctor and um on the doctor and um uh so basically the idea is that you uh so basically the idea is that you probably shouldn't write your contracts probably shouldn't write your contracts in a way where the signature arguments in a way where the signature arguments change for the subcontract codes again change for the subcontract codes again it doesn't really matter what kind of it doesn't really matter what kind of your approach you're going with like your approach you're going with like even if you go we are seeing 28 permit even if you go we are seeing 28 permit for example for example um um like you cannot say that hey what are like you cannot say that hey what are the arguments of current change a little the arguments of current change a little bit like whatever has been signed has bit like whatever has been signed has been permitted so it is kind of similar been permitted so it is kind of similar and and in cases when you know some arbitrary in cases when you know some arbitrary amount of token need to be spent for amount of token need to be spent for example example um the proposed approach is use approved
um the proposed approach is use approved style method like we wouldn't remove it style method like we wouldn't remove it from the token interface it's too useful from the token interface it's too useful for cases like that for cases like that um the difference would be um the difference would be like if you do things like temporary like if you do things like temporary storage for example storage for example um this approve may be alive only during um this approve may be alive only during the top level the top level Contracting location so you know there Contracting location so you know there are no problems with hey I've approved are no problems with hey I've approved this token like a thousand units of the this token like a thousand units of the token but the contract spend just 500 token but the contract spend just 500 and then there is outstanding 500 and then there is outstanding 500 approval for me and this contract that approval for me and this contract that someone may misuse or whatever someone may misuse or whatever so instead what would happen you would so instead what would happen you would atomically call a proof inside the atomically call a proof inside the contract invocation and it will only be contract invocation and it will only be active during this contract invocation active during this contract invocation uh the top follow one uh the top follow one um and then basically after a proof has um and then basically after a proof has been executed the contract can spend up been executed the contract can spend up to approved amount of so because of the to approved amount of so because of the user and obviously not the whole amount
user and obviously not the whole amount needs to be spend so needs to be spend so um this amount will just stay in the um this amount will just stay in the user account and zero won't be even an user account and zero won't be even an outstanding approval that can be done outstanding approval that can be done with you some help uh so with you some help uh so basically the idea would be that the basically the idea would be that the user still needs to user still needs to sign some upper bound on what is going sign some upper bound on what is going to be spent and to be spent and that's basically the hope that this is that's basically the hope that this is you know for the most contracts and you know for the most contracts and again it's not like we can do much more again it's not like we can do much more besides maybe I don't know user signing besides maybe I don't know user signing that they approve spending as much as that they approve spending as much as contract wants but again we don't remove contract wants but again we don't remove this possibility either so basically this possibility either so basically yeah I I think like the contract should yeah I I think like the contract should be reading just in a certain way to kind be reading just in a certain way to kind of allow for uh specifying an upper of allow for uh specifying an upper bound not an exact amount that needs to bound not an exact amount that needs to be transferred from them be transferred from them um this problem shouldn't appear much um this problem shouldn't appear much and it's kind of unrelated to this and it's kind of unrelated to this proposal it's like in general if you
proposal it's like in general if you want to do anything with outright want to do anything with outright subcontract both we will run into this subcontract both we will run into this issue and and I think that I was thinking also about that like the there might be ways about that like the there might be ways actually to actually to you know once we have kind of the this you know once we have kind of the this kind of authorization model kind of kind of authorization model kind of figured out like we may actually do some figured out like we may actually do some tweaks to the tweaks to the um to the uh the standout token contract um to the uh the standout token contract like I'm thinking like we could actually like I'm thinking like we could actually um um uh uh have like the for example the transfer have like the for example the transfer method right uh if it had like a max method right uh if it had like a max amount actually explicitly there and amount actually explicitly there and then the authorization that is done then the authorization that is done inside would be on the max amount on the inside would be on the max amount on the on not on the actual amount on not on the actual amount this food that I actually I think allow this food that I actually I think allow us to get rid of even the uh us to get rid of even the uh pre-approved and pre-approved and um and and later pay you know with like um and and later pay you know with like some other amount that's smaller
some other amount that's smaller I think that we could do things like I think that we could do things like that yeah yeah maybe basically like to that yeah yeah maybe basically like to be clear like uh contract can require be clear like uh contract can require user outrights arbitrary arguments based user outrights arbitrary arguments based on its input arguments so it's not like on its input arguments so it's not like you know we have said in each and every you know we have said in each and every argument so it's definitely possible to argument so it's definitely possible to have methods where you assign one have methods where you assign one argument and the research that just well argument and the research that just well passed around this so you know again passed around this so you know again this similar to account abstraction like this similar to account abstraction like this opens up a lot of new approaches uh this opens up a lot of new approaches uh and tours and eventually like the token and tours and eventually like the token interface can be modified to account for interface can be modified to account for this basically again I think the this basically again I think the the difference here from the difference here from many other things is that you know we many other things is that you know we want to make it easy to call things on want to make it easy to call things on behalf of the user and the source of behalf of the user and the source of interface you can come up with having interface you can come up with having this feature uh I think like more this feature uh I think like more resources needed to actually come up resources needed to actually come up with writing Pages for that right with writing Pages for that right because we we can make things much because we we can make things much simpler and safer than they are when
simpler and safer than they are when only a single invocation can be uh fine only a single invocation can be uh fine pretty much properly so I think that's pretty much properly so I think that's more of a question to with to the more of a question to with to the interfaces and not necessarily because yeah I definitely think uh I'm not sure I'm looking at the document right now if I'm looking at the document right now if we can have like a detailed we can have like a detailed the like description for how this would the like description for how this would work with uh like non-deterministic work with uh like non-deterministic arguments like I'm looking at your uh arguments like I'm looking at your uh like your main example of like swapped like your main example of like swapped in transfer in transfer and I feel like you know if the swap is and I feel like you know if the swap is a strict send rather than a strict a strict send rather than a strict receive then you know you're not going receive then you know you're not going to know what the amount that is actually to know what the amount that is actually being transferred uh in advance or or being transferred uh in advance or or even during pre-flight even during pre-flight so I think maybe just like unpacking so I think maybe just like unpacking that example uh would help so I have an that example uh would help so I have an example of the atomic slope right and example of the atomic slope right and what it does is basically what you sign what it does is basically what you sign is that you want to swap an amount of
is that you want to swap an amount of token a for at least an amount of token token a for at least an amount of token B B right this is what you're saying Yeah so right this is what you're saying Yeah so basically you send that you want to basically you send that you want to spend it most amount of token a and at spend it most amount of token a and at least at least the amount of token B least at least the amount of token B which I'm not sure which which I'm not sure which and receive this message and receive this message um but basically then the users who have um but basically then the users who have signs that can be they can have their signs that can be they can have their tokens robbed atomically and the example tokens robbed atomically and the example I settle for the you know price for I settle for the you know price for example so not all the token is being example so not all the token is being withdrawn and as anyone ever use this withdrawn and as anyone ever use this Contracting week multi-stopper when you Contracting week multi-stopper when you have multiple parties like on both sides have multiple parties like on both sides that can solve it to each other so that can solve it to each other so basically my point is that again the basically my point is that again the main thing that you you sign the main thing that you you sign the thresholds uh not the actual amounts and thresholds uh not the actual amounts and then definitely possible to just spend then definitely possible to just spend or receive business threshold without
or receive business threshold without any additional input from the user any additional input from the user because again these are just saying the because again these are just saying the thresholders that kind of works got it uh demo one uh question from moots or statements in the live channel is uh statements in the live channel is uh that moose would love to see address that moose would love to see address identifier and like byzen 32s all of identifier and like byzen 32s all of these kind of like converge and I know these kind of like converge and I know that people have been pretty frustrated that people have been pretty frustrated with uh with uh with the existence of all these with the existence of all these different ways to describe different ways to describe um accounts uh does your account um accounts uh does your account abstraction solve this yes definitely abstraction solve this yes definitely right like this is about what I do in my right like this is about what I do in my prototype already and that's definitely prototype already and that's definitely something I've been looking into so something I've been looking into so basically they said like when you want basically they said like when you want something authorized uh you just needs something authorized uh you just needs account and you want an address you just account and you want an address you just use address uh that's pretty much it
use address uh that's pretty much it um so if you want to do something for um so if you want to do something for example on behalf of the current running example on behalf of the current running contract you just call get current contract you just call get current contract account which is account type 2 contract account which is account type 2 right so from the contract Traders right so from the contract Traders standpoint where you you don't have any standpoint where you you don't have any additional it additional it um you may still need the contract ID um you may still need the contract ID for some use cases but it will still for some use cases but it will still leave this but you know this is Project leave this but you know this is Project context when you are interested context when you are interested specifically in the contract ID right specifically in the contract ID right then it will goodbye but in all the then it will goodbye but in all the operations that involved with any operations that involved with any manipulations I would say right you manipulations I would say right you would just use a Content address types would just use a Content address types there is no identifier type anymore there is no identifier type anymore the bytes are just used for things that the bytes are just used for things that are actually bites like a passual are actually bites like a passual contrast City but there's a not since contrast City but there's a not since involved into our spring work for the involved into our spring work for the most part I said that smart forward most part I said that smart forward themselves
okay I hope that makes moons happy uh it does make me happy does make me happy uh uh great are there any other questions great are there any other questions either internally or from the audience uh Dima if people want to learn more about auth uh off next what should they about auth uh off next what should they do uh besides reading the document do uh besides reading the document what's the document has uh links to the what's the document has uh links to the examples I think examples uh definitely examples I think examples uh definitely a photo kind of have a grasp of how a photo kind of have a grasp of how things may look like again you know this things may look like again you know this is the two broad Stitch and it may is the two broad Stitch and it may change but uh you can see some general change but uh you can see some general ideas where you can see that accounting ideas where you can see that accounting addresses I used everywhere not in the addresses I used everywhere not in the first stuff like that first stuff like that um how the calls have been authorized um how the calls have been authorized and so on so yeah look at the examples and so on so yeah look at the examples too just kind of especially like
too just kind of especially like luxuries like time work examples that luxuries like time work examples that where you can see exact tips from the where you can see exact tips from the current implementation and the swap current implementation and the swap examples are something completely new examples are something completely new that is really painful to do right now that is really painful to do right now which is why we don't even have an which is why we don't even have an example for example example for example um um so yeah I think that's that and uh yes so yeah I think that's that and uh yes and just ask me either as a document or and just ask me either as a document or Discord do you have Discord do you have um things that you think are not covered um things that you think are not covered anywhere anywhere um then you can answer it awesome so uh after the holidays we're gonna meet up again and uh talk more gonna meet up again and uh talk more about off about off and I think that for today Justin do you and I think that for today Justin do you have any other thing or is it a wrap have any other thing or is it a wrap no I think it's a wrap happy holidays no I think it's a wrap happy holidays everybody definitely check out the doc everybody definitely check out the doc definitely watch out for more saurabhan definitely watch out for more saurabhan design discussions coming up after the
design discussions coming up after the holidays and everybody have just a great holidays and everybody have just a great holiday season